<h1 align="center"> ICPC Training </h1>
<h2 align="center"> This is the repo containing all of the training and exercises i'm going to go through <br> to get ready for the ACM ICPC </h2>
<h1 align="center"> Folder Structure And Meaning </h1>
<p align="center" style="font-size:20px; font-weight:bold">There is a Folder called Competitive Programming 3, which is the folder related to a book by the same name, written by steven and felix halim. i'm going to go through the book and solve every single problem (for now, unless i change my mind and/or lose motivation) that i encounter along the way. in the Competitive Programming 3 Folder, there is a book folder, which contains the pdf for the said book. there is also an exercises folder, which contains my solutions to the different problems and exercises discussed in the book.</p>
<p align="center" style="font-size:20px; font-weight:bold"> There is going to be other folders related to different resources and past ICPC problems, but for now, i don't think it's necessary to focus on anything other than this book. managing to finish the book in summer would be as good of a start as i can possibly imagine. the book covers an extremely wide variety of topics, none of which are unrelated to ACM ICPC and competitive programming and many of which are probably overkill for the ICPC regional contests. still, better safe than sorry.</p>
<p align="center" style="font-size:20px; font-weight:bold"> I'm gonna be reading the book rigorously without skipping a single page or exercise, but i'm not gonna be trying to learn algorithmic knowledge from the book. the book is a great resource for understanding important topics required at ACM ICPC, but from my own experience, the book fails on delivering a comprehensive explanation about the different topics discussed in it. the best way of using the book would probably be to read and understand the topics, then learn the details about the said topics from other resources like geeksforgeeks, youtube and clrs, just to name a few. you can then go book to the book and read the section about the topic you've previously read about, in case there is something written in the book that you may have missed. i will also try adding every single resource that i used for learning the details about a topic. for example, if i read an article on geeksforgeeks about 2D dynamic programming, i will be adding a link to that article so that i can reference it later, and it might even prove to be helpful to someone other than myself.
</p> <p align="center" style="font-size:20px; font-weight:bold">after becoming comfortable with the topic, i'm going to be solving every single problem and exercise related to the said topic that is mentioned in the book. obviously, a lot of time and effort is spent on picking the problems, and all of them are extremely good practice problems. the problems are hand-picked extremely carefully by the authors, which makes them the most efficient way of solidifying the knowledge learnt about the discussed topics from other resources. also, i'll be coding the solutions in vim, as i've heard that the computers used at the regional contest run on ubuntu and we aren't allowed to use vscode. with that being the case,
i think i'll be able to perform at my highest speed using vim.</p>
<p align="center" style="font-size:20px; font-weight:bold"> There is also this book that i'm going to be reading, called the art of computer programming, written by donald knuth who is said to be the father of algorithms. it's simply one of the plans i've had since my second semester which i just didn't seem to be able to find the time nor the motivation for. i don't know how impactful it's gonna be on my problem solving abilities, but ACM ICPC is a good excuse for me to just start reading the book. it's gonna be a fun read, or at least i hope so.</p>